SUBMITTED AS REQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT1 FOR CSC510 FALL 23 BY GROUP 17

**BURNOUT: PAIN POINTS AND WAYS TO AVOID**

The repository is titled "Burnout". This aims to give details on the user's calories gained and burnt. To run this project, we must first clone the repository with the command git clone. Secondly, we need to install the latest version of Python, if it is not installed on the PC before. One can do so by simply clicking Download Python on python.org/downloads and following the necessary installation steps. Further, we need to use the command pip install -r requirements.txt to install all the necessary dependencies. Finally, we need to run the application by the command python application.py. But initially, there will be a few errors which need to be resolved for the project to run. We need to upgrade Pymongo from version 3.11.3 to 4.5.0. This is one of the most important for the project to run. After doing that, we need to replace one MongoDB command of insert to insert\_one everywhere in the code. This will make sure to insert the necessary inputs into our MongoDB database. Still after doing these, one might get an error 'cannot import \_get\_object\_size' from bson. To get rid of this error, you can uninstall both pymongo and bson and reinstall pymongo with the version mentioned above. By installing the latest version of Pymongo, it will automatically install the correct version of bson. Still, if the error is not resolving, one can exclude bson from its requirements.txt file and reinstall again by using the pip command, since bson is not used anywhere in the codebase. One also might encounter an error like "this error originates from a subprocess and is likely not a problem with pip". One could solve this error by upgrading their pip version. This can be done using the command "pip3 install --upgrade pip". This will make sure that your pip version is up to date.

There are some errors in the code which we have encountered in this project. the code can take only one-word food items like cake, apple, banana etc. It cannot be able to run when the user gives more than one word food items like Apricot Kernel oil, Asian Pear etc. We will be resolving this error and coming up with the correct logic for this in the next phase of our project. Secondly, in their application, they have not done error handling in the correct way. For instance, when a user enters the wrong password on the login page, one KeyError is seen in their application. They have not handled that error in the correct way. Thirdly, when we try to add friends, we can see them on our local database but are unable to see them in the application. Lastly, when we try to send an email request to a particular friend, the mail is not being received. This is called an SMTP error.

It is important to solve these application errors before handing over the project to another team. We will be looking to solve the aforementioned bugs to ensure the application runs as expected and fails gracefully. In general, we are looking to adopt some good practices. Firstly, the application should be deployed so that even a non-technical individual can use it without knowing how to build it. We are also looking to improve the architecture and modularity so that each module has a defined purpose, which will make it easier for the next team to pick up the project. We will make sure that all team members share an equal load and that everyone has access to all the tools and code. We are also looking to host the video demonstrating the application flow in the repository itself and explain all functionalities and modules clearly using screenshots and real world examples. The use of style-checkers, linters and code formatters is also important and we will try to achieve maximum possible code coverage, as it is wisely said that the only code coverage goal should be to eventually reach hundred percentage. We will be trying to incorporate a fixed schedule for running our test cases. The purpose of the application must also be clearly described, as it is not quite clear how a user can benefit from using this application and we are committed to targeting a specific kind of user and catering to their needs in order to make our application more useful. We will also be adding a license to this application in order to protect our creator rights. We will also be including email support in order to incorporate future suggestions from developers. Finally, after spending a good deal of time with the code, we hope to include a roadmap at the end of the project to show a guiding path to future developers, who may wish to take the project forward and enhance it.
